Going to collect all my thoughts here as the game developes:

General theme:
    You are new to festivals. You evolve and progress as you go about your time,
        hustling, doing drugs, going to shows, and taking oppertunities.
        Drugs have various effects on your abilities and chances of outcomes as well
        as how you are percieved by others.
    Setting:
        There are 3 main areas. In the festival, on lot, and at home(maybe in an rv?). You must pass through security
            when you enter a new festival and everytime you pass from lot to the festival.
            If you have drugs in your inventory passing through security you run a risk of going
            to jail that changes based on how much effort you put into hiding them(More so coming in from home)
            This can be mitigated potentially if you have enough money for a lawyer or bribe, or can run.
            
            While on lot you can trade and hustle and meet other npcs who give quests. Learn about
            secret renegade sets, consume food, drink, and drugs. Build or tarnish reputation as you
            go from camp to camp and interact with people.

            While in the festival you can attend shows, buy food, drink, drugs(more expensive), flow toys, art etc..
            You could use flow toys within the festival, recharge your "rave meter"
            damage hearing if you dont use ear plugs at shows. You can attend workshops during the day
            to learn new skills or head down an evolution path.

            While at home you can reup on anything you want to bring to the next festival.
            You can access your bitcoin accounts freely (I want to use api call to make this real value changes)
            This also will be the time you deal with any tickets/fines, make art or other products to bring,
            improve gear, budget for gas to get to the festival.


Character type ideas:
    Wook: Mostly useless, extra resistence to drugs, dehydration, heatstroke. Negative reputation buff
        bonus to purchase and sell price. extra risk at security.
    Spiritual: charisma boost, drugs are more expensive. bonus xp from workshops.
    Basshead: idk

    
Carrer path ideas:
    DJ: You perform in the festival. reputation bonus, extra quest paths.
    Drug Dealer: Ability to buy drugs in bulk. reputation changes depending on who interact with.


Gear ideas:
    Tent: (replenishes rest, adds storage inventory slots, allows for orgies,
        allows for safe place to conduct business. has rain or heat resistence)
    Earplugs: protect hearing while at shows.
    Backpack: store inventory, can be upgraded to a camel back.
    Fannypack: store inventory, easily dropped if running from security 
        (if you dont keep anything identifying in there)
    FlowToys: can be used in festival, on lot, at home. not sure how it will factor
        in yet.
    Map: makes travel easier.
    Radio: makes communication easier, maybe early alert to security events.
    Hacking device: used to hack into wifi, maybe other shennanigans?
    Paraphernalia: Used to consume drugs. Include lots of upgradeable options here
        like bong, e-rig, deems adapter, spoon, bullet, etc.
    Waterbottle: Takes inventory slot, customizable size, vacuum insulated etc.
        allows player to carry water. Upgradeable to camelback if backpack unlocked.
    Organite: Maybe exclusive to spiritual class, boosts various stats.
Todo:
    Create merchant feature to buy sell and tade goods
    Create heat meter
    Buy drugs in person or on DNM for a discount but with delay. chance for interception.
    Create morality/reputation meter.
    Create Inventory to track money and inventory.
    Create bitcoin savings only accessible outside of the festival or if you bribe or hack your way into security wifi.
